Update dotnet supported runtimes for AWS Lambda (#454)
aws-otel/aws-otel.github.io: src/docs/getting-started/lambda/lambda-dotnet.mdx

## Requirements

> The ADOT Lambda Layer for .Net supports both `dotnetcore3.1` and `dotnet6` Lambda runtimes.

Reviewer: Is this correct?  We don't have an "ADOT Lambda Layer for .NET", but a collector-only layer that can be used with .NET.  What about this:

```suggestion
The OpenTelemetry Lambda SDK  for .NET supports both `dotnetcore3.1` and `dotnet6` Lambda runtimes.
```

Maybe also adjust other references to excise `ADOT` or `AWS Distro for`.

Author: Thank you, used the suggestions
